Question- Suppose you were given to build a web application for https://www.boats.com/ from scratch as a startup . Imagine you would be solely responsible to build it’s frontend, backend, design database, setup media storage, deployment, ci/cd automation and everything else. Thus, do some research on your part and write down your response to the following question 


A.Which backend framework would you prefer to use and why? 

I would like to use Express.js framework for the backend. As it is a small framework that works on top of node.js web server which helps in simplify the API’s and help it to add new features . Its very easy to use, has great features and  easier to organise in the application . I feel its an good choice for the beginners like us to use it. 


B. Which frontend framework would you prefer to use and why? 

 I would like to use ReactJS for the frontend. 
as its popular and I feel its the great option for the complex web application. It is easier to debug and predictable as it has declarative view of the code. 


C. Which database would you prefer to use and why?

 I would prefer MySQl (Structured Query Language). 	
As it is an open source and user friendly it helps us to create a database and manipulate the data. For the given application I.e boats.com I feel its the best database that can be used. 
As I have used MySQL in one of my DBMS project I prefer Its a best for storing the database.

D.  What would you use for version control of the codebase ? 

I would use Git as it is more popular and provides wide range of features for managing the codes and reviewing it and it has wide range of tools. 


E. Which platform would you prefer for media storages ( eg. storage of product images) ? 

 AWS s3 (simple storage service ) as it is secure , scalable and the durability is high. We can store and retrieve the data from anywhere on the web. Its easy to use and even its cost effective. 


F. Where would you deploy your application and which web server would you use and why? 

AWS Elastic Beanstalk is an AWS managed service for web applications. It sis easy to deploy and run. It also supports Node.js and React.js and gives an excellent performance.
 For boats.com  I guess this is the best application For deploying it. 
Ngnix is the best web server and it has high performance and provides excellent features. 

